feat(shared): Detect clerk-js loading failure (#6261)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/cold-trees-hammer.md

---
'@clerk/shared': minor
---

Add timeout-based mechanism to detect when clerk-js fails to load and create

> a minimal fallback Clerk instance to trigger error components.

Reviewer: let's drop everything past these two lines

---
'@clerk/shared': minor
---

> Add timeout-based mechanism to detect when clerk-js fails to load and create a minimal fallback Clerk instance to trigger error components.

Author: ```suggestion
Add timeout-based mechanism to detect when clerk-js fails to load and set the status to `error` on isomorphicClerk
```
